Add information on number of decimal places allowed for SLO targets (#10306)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/service_level_objectives/_index.md

3. Set up to three SLO targets. Each target consists of a target percentage and a rolling time window. Available time windows are: 7 days, 30 days, and 90 days. It is recommended that you make the SLO target percentage stricter than the target percentages stipluated in your SLAs.
4. Finally, give the SLO a title, describe it in more detail or add links in the description, add tags, and save it.

**Note:** The number of decimal places you can specify for your SLOs differs depending on the type of SLO and the time windows you choose. Please refer to the hyperlinks below for more information for each respective SLO type.

> [Monitor-based SLOs][10]: up to 2 decimal places are allowed for 7-day and 30-day targets, up to 3 decimal places are allowed for 90-day targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Monitor-based SLOs][10]: Up to two decimal places are allowed for 7-day and 30-day targets, up to three decimal places are allowed for 90-day targets.
```

> [Metric-based SLOs][11]: up to 3 decimal places are allowed for all targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Metric-based SLOs][11]: Up to three decimal places are allowed for all targets.
```
